# Files and directories
* generate_proofs_stage1.py: Generates stage 1 baseline proofs and puts the output into the "output" folder.
* verify_stage1_proofs.py: Checks if each proof in stage 1 is verified or not and adds a "verified" .
* generate_proofs_stage2.py: Generates stage 2 proof strategies including pass 2, feedback, and commander.
* proof_strategies.py: Includes the proof strategies that stage 2 uses.
* llm_utils.py: Includes various utility functions that are used in multiple files.
* lean_testing: Empty Lean project that was necessary to use to use as an environment for the Lean compiler during verification
* datasets: Includes the miniF2F dataset. We exclusively used the test dataset problems as the input to the models
* output: Includes all output files generated by stage 1 and stage 2.


# How to read the output folder
* Inside of the output folder there are 8 files: 
    * The files in the form "{baseline|pass2|feedback|commander}_{Deepseek|Goedel}_test_solutions.txt" include the raw output from the LLMs. This includes each problem entry with fields for the time it took to generate the proof, whether the proof was able to be verified, an error message if the proof was invalid such as being cut off due to token limits. Additionally, it includes fields for both the proof itself that was verified against by the Lean compiler, and the prefaced outline that the LLM generated before the proof itself. If the proof was cut off, then the proof was considered empty and the outline included both the outline and proof. To look through different problems, it is useful to use Find+Replace with the query "[[problem]]" to jump to different problems.
* The files in the form "{Deepseek|Goedel}_test_summary.txt" hold the summary statistics generated by generate states. These contain the same information that was found in the table in the final report.